# Ping Smuggler
## Overview

Disclaimer: this tool is for educational purposes only

This tool is a set of scripts which will send data from a text via via ICMP payload. This project consists of two Python scripts:
1. Ping Generator (ping_generator.py): This script generates ICMP ping messages, embedding the contents of a text file into the ICMP payload and sends them to a specified destination.
2. Ping Parser (ping_parser.py): This script reads a PCAP file containing ICMP messages generated by the Ping Generator and extracts the text payload from these messages, converting it into plain text.

## Requirements
1. **Python**: Python 3.x is required to run these scripts.
2. **Operating System**: The Ping Generator script is designed for Linux systems due to its dependency on scapy, which works best on Linux.
3. **Scapy**:
The Ping Generator script uses the scapy library for packet creation and manipulation.
Installation: Install scapy using pip:

```bash
pip install scapy
```
Note: scapy requires administrative (sudo) privileges to send packets.

4. **tshark**:
The ICMP Payload Parser script uses tshark (via pyshark) for parsing PCAP files.
Installation:
- Linux: Install using your package manager, e.g., sudo apt-get install tshark.
- Windows: Download and install Wireshark, which includes tshark, from Wireshark's official website.
Ensure tshark is in your system's PATH.

5. **Pyshark**:

The ICMP Payload Parser script requires pyshark, a Python wrapper for tshark.
Installation: Install pyshark using pip:
```
bash

pip install pyshark
```

## Usage
Ping Generator (ping_generator.py):
```
Usage: sudo python3 ping_generator.py [destination IP] [file path]
```
Sends ICMP packets containing text from the specified file to the given destination IP.
Requires administrative privileges to execute.

ICMP Payload Parser (icmp_parser.py):
```
Usage: python3 ping_parser.py path_to_your_pcap_file.pcap
```
Parses the specified PCAP file and extracts ASCII text from ICMP payloads.
Ensure the PCAP file contains ICMP packets generated by the Ping Generator script.

## Notes
- These scripts are for educational and testing purposes only. Ensure you have permission to send and capture ICMP packets in your network.
- The Ping Generator script's functionality is network-dependent and may not work as expected in all environments, especially those with ICMP restrictions.
